-----------------------------------------------------------
BionetSolver version 0.0.6 for Mac OS X 10.6 (Snow Leopard)
-----------------------------------------------------------


This is a binary distribution of BionetSolver version 0.0.6, for
CompuCell 3D 3.5.0 compiled for x86_64 (64 bit) systems running Mac OS X
10.6.x (AKA Snow Leopard).

Download the file:   BionetSolver_0.0.6_MacOSX106.zip


BionetSolver is not yet part of the full CC3D distribution, so you'll
have to download it and move its files manually in order to make it
work.

1. BionetSolver requires CC3D 3.5.0 or newer. If you aren't running the
3.5.0 version yet, we provide it precompiled for 64-bit Macs running
10.6.x, you can download the file CC3D_3.5.0_MacOSX106.zip from:
http://trac.compucell3d.net/svn/cc3d_svn/binaries/3.5.0/mac/
and move the resulting main CompuCell3D directory "CC3D_3.5.0_MacOSX106"
to where you keep other application executables. A good place is e.g.
your computer's /Applications/ directory, or also elsewhere, such as in
a "Applications" directory within your user/home directory. If you are
updating from another CC3D install, please make sure that all your user
files are copied over separately into the new main CC3D directory.

2. download the BionetSolver test-binary distribution, i.e. the file
BionetSolver_0.0.6_MacOSX106.zip from:
http://trac.compucell3d.net/svn/cc3d_svn/branch/BionetSolver/test_bin/mac/
and unzip it in a *separate* place from your main CC3D 3.5.0 directory.

3. in the new "BionetSolver_0.0.6_MacOSX106" folder you will find four
directories: "Demos" "include" "lib" and "pythonSetupScripts"  -- these
four directories contain files and folders that you'll have to
*manually* move into the same-named directories in your main CC3D 3.5.0
directory. Here are the details:

3a.: from the BionetSolver_0.0.6_MacOSX106's "Demos" directory, move the
"BionetSolverExamples" folder into the "Demos" directory which is inside
the main CC3D 3.5.0 directory.

3b.: from the BionetSolver_0.0.6_MacOSX106's "include" directory, move
both the "bionetsolver" folder and the "sbmlsolver" folder into the
"include" directory which is inside the main CC3D 3.5.0 directory.

3c.: from the BionetSolver_0.0.6_MacOSX106's "lib" directory, you will
find a folder named "python" which contains two files named
"_BionetSolverPy.so" and "BionetSolverPy.py", and you have to move those
two files into the "python" directory *inside* the "lib" directory which
is inside the main CC3D 3.5.0 directory.

3d.: again from the BionetSolver_0.0.6_MacOSX106's "lib" directory, move
the remaining folder named "pkgconfig" and the four files and one
symbolic link directly into the "lib" directory which is inside the main
CC3D 3.5.0 directory. Moving them using the Mac Finder will ensure that
the symbolic link is maintained correctly, but you can also move them
from Terminal.app's command line.

3e.: from the BionetSolver_0.0.6_MacOSX106's "pythonSetupScripts"
directory, move the "bionetAPI.py" file into the "pythonSetupScripts"
directory which is inside the main CC3D 3.5.0 directory.

At this point if you run CC3D 3.5.0, for example by double-clicking on
"compucell3d.command", you should be able to test the demo files that
are inside "Demos/BionetSolverExamples".
